"Why do people have to be this lonely? What's the point of it all? Millions of people in this world, all of them yearning, looking to tohers to satisfy them, yet isolating themselves. Why? Was the earth [sic.] put there just to nourish human loneliness?" – Haruki Murakami

Is loneliness a kind of grief? Don't we all try and live our lives, try to make our fleeting and innachieving lives hurt less by clinging to things, just to have them snatched away from us?

I've been trying to open myself up to people, - that might be the only way to feel less lonely - asking them: "I feel like throughout all of my initiatives and passions there's this deep feeling of loss and loneliness, deeper and more true than anything else I feel. Do you feel the same way?" And, suprisingly, they say "Yes Aramithius1, I do feel lonely (in life)." Oh my my! We all feel lonely and feel isolated for our loneliness, but then when another feels safe enough to answer your question - and you feel safe enough they won't be affronted by your piecring question – they agree! We all feel the same way yet I hear no one talk about this. 

Where can I feel? Where can I put my heart on the table and say: "Hey, anyone. Could you step into my life? I'd like to know a little more about you. I'll help you, ey?" Where's this _place_ in society? Why does no one talk about this? Because of fear of heartbreak? Oh how our hearts break over and over, and we must keep on going.

I'll continue to do what's wrong. I'll continue to exist and do. (What does it mean to live _alright_?) I'll continue to tread immobily, be pulled sunset and sunrise, moment by moment, through emotion and connection, towards the ever-closer fate awaiting us. "The gods [...] envy us because any moment may be our last." 

I'll continue to do what's wrong, hurt and action turning and turning in the narrowing gyre, like how we look back at our other self through the mirror, but still being alive. Every moment I'm pulled towards my own mortality - is there something wrong with me for feeling like this? I'm just glad, even if it hurts all the fucking time, to have been given the gift of consciousness. Thank you Lord.

This writing leaves me no different, so why?: there's no such thing as logic. Goodnight.

Penetralia
Abditum mentis
Nidus
