I had thought that Martel was, to put it lightly, a drop-kick dickhead. Perhaps he is. But today I've seen evidence quite the contrary. Today he ignited something within me more valuable that anything anyone I turn to now gives me. 

I was sitting in my study period, having timed out of Maths to feel my emotions. They came up. At first I paced around, not feeling safe. Then I laid down and tried to feel. Thoughts like "Please hug me", "don't just leave me here", "don't hit her", "please be with me, I need you around" came up. Eventually the time that felt right for me to softly challenge those came. "You might not be here but I'm still alive", "Feelings can't kill me", "Little Kyle may never have gotten what he needed then, but you don't have to continue to long for it in the present day", et cetera. So after that we had the fire drill, I went to PLT week A meeting (which are cancelled but staff didn't know and I forgot), then waited at the lecture hall and watched Threefold's 2nd GT:NH series. I said that I'd only watch until class started, but I chose to watch until 2:55. I started Maths and around 3:05 asked Nathan Ng for some help with a question, and Alex Martel leaned over with a comment.

"That looks really hard. Which Maths do you do?" 
Nathan answered, "Ext. II"
"Wow. Which Maths is that from"
I said it was from Advanced Maths, perhaps to save myself from Nathan's fib.
"Ext. II. That must be hard."
"Yeah, I'm dropping."
"How come?"
I panicked a bit inside. "Oh, you know. Time just runs away.", I lied. It does feel as though time runs away...
"You know why time runs away? Thirty minutes ago I saw you watching Minecraft." (Here comes the shocking part.) "To be able to get into a course like that you must be so smart, but instead you're watching YT. You have so much potential."
... time runs away because I let it. I'm given a choice every single moment, yet I too often choose to squander the limited time I have.

This kind of tough love really makes me feel good. It felt amazing to be challenged for my faults. It felt like he cared about me, not like any other person just trying to keep the blood off their hands or only do what's necessary. Tt felt like Alex believed in me. "All a kid needs is just one person who believes in him." It reminds me of my meetings with Marvin Fidel to switch to basketball last term and the tough love he gave me that afternoon. I wish that I would go in Amber's office and she would do the same thing, point out my faults, actually challenge me. Is that fantasy wrong? Yes, but I notice here comes perfectionism. Here I think of all these so many things I should do. But there is no should. There is no want. There only just is. Is action.

So it made me terribly sad but incredibly energised to hear that. Like wanted to come home and cry over the man that I am. Look, today, a day that I try, I even watched YT. I even succumbed to isolation at lunch instead of going to sit with people or the chaplains. Even today I slept in so I wouldn't be tired; I chose to break the habit. No, I'll come back tomorrow, but it just makes me want to cry out "Someone, please help me! Look!" But no one's coming. No one's coming to save me. And I've got to what feels impossible for no reason, no reward time after time with limited resources or plentiful motivation.

Today too I took Marsden out of class to speak to him. Yesterday he rebuked me for being too informal over messages. I just laughed it off. Whatever happened to self reflection? I felt so cringed when he was mad today. What kind of a person am I? Am I a kind of person that annoys others? Hey, no wonder no one wants you Kyle (people do want me?), it's who you are. You pretend like you're some good person, but you're always making mistakes. -– That voice, it so naturally flows on. It is real? Is it me? Must I challenge it? People certainly have wanted me, but perhaps there's a reason why no one texts you. Perhaps there's a reason that some people that have girls swoon and you're called creepy. "Perhaps there's a reason that your mum left"  - I couldn't control that! —- I know I'm not a terrible person, I try and make myself belive. But look at it: no one tells you anything because you can't keep it secret, you cling to your situation as an excuse, you continue to give in to what you hate because you don't bother feeling what's uncomfortable, you pushed Meg time after time and even after nine months you couldn't stop - how pathetic is that?, you're rude (I say accidentally... but... ? Perhaps I'm ignoring this, perhaps I don't really know), you hurt others (rude to Grandmother), you exploit resources (Marvin, Grandmother, psychologists, friends, people's kindness, girls), you're creepy and unintentionally flirt and aren't 'self-sufficient', and the list goes on and on and on. A 'laundry list' of things to do. 

WHAM! Look at it all. You pretend like you try, you pretend like you're moral, but deep down you're a terrible person. You have these flaws, you want to help people, you can't follow through, you exploit others and waste your resources...

Is this the voice winning? Or is this me looking at it accurately? And I feel so terrrible about myself that I'd rather give up and resign to hopelessness than change. I'd rather feel sorry for myself, distract myself, and give up on everything I cared about than act anyways.

So that's exactly what I'll do. For no reward, changing absolutely nothing, just doing. I've written this. Goodbye. It's time to lock-in. No, not 'lock-in', but just try. To act despite that very really part of me that says I'd rather give up. Because this is also me. I can challenge my mind.

Change – it makes no sense, but we do it anyways. Thank you Alex Martel. 
