Disenfranchsiation or On World Leaders (21/3/26)
Is entertainment just a form of distraction from the bigger problems in life? Was entertainment created just to keep us in these chains?

So rather I would follow virtue than desire... of course that's how to live. That's how God wants us to live, and too does that line echo classic Stoic philosophy. 

I don't want to run from my problems in life. I want to face them. I want to show compassion for others, change things, enlighten others on how to help other. I don't want to waste away my life watching YouTube while there's wars going on and people suffering. They don't deserve it. 

But... it's fun. I enjoy looking at modded MC, I enjoy looking at GT:NH, I enjoy watching House. But I guess it's about what matters, not exactly the most comforting feeling. I hate feeling trapped by all this enjoyment. To break free of it and pursue altruism... I want to do it... so how? And then comes the uncomfortable situation I'm sitting in: trauma. Being hurt... and it being up to ME to figure it out too - even as "the one who doesn't know"... man it hurts. I type this, can't exactly get too many feelings over paper or to others in conversation... perhaps I'm cursed or perhaps it's just temporary, hey? I don't think things are impossible. I don't think life is terrible... 

Now "I want you to love me" comes up. Oh you poor thing Kyle. No one's coming to save you, and this is the best thing you can think of? ... What's my daily goal today? ... How can I stick with things? ... how do I do? It's just all so confusing, and there's no one person with the answer. 

I know I need to get offline, stop YT, get away from all of this distraction. Hell, even watching HealthyGamerGG is a distraction: it stops me from living in the real world. "I want you love" (But there's nothing I can do to win it D:). How am I going to act despite? What the hell's the plan? I guess on AFX perhaps that'll be a situational detox...

After AFX try and do not more YT, well I guess I may as well start right now. "Give me a hug." Kyle, I know it hurts prioritising yourself. I have no answer for you, sorry. 

How can you just sit around and watch yt; well, look at the purpose it serves you, then. It helps me escape my emotions. So then the next thing I have to do is have to sit with my emotions INSTEAD OF watching YT. It's simple but painful, right? God man, if only there was some other easier answer. Maybe it'll come to me, but that'll take time <3.

22/3/26
"There's this term I've heard: the GT:NH bug. A sort of seduction by GregTech, and I'm worried I've caught it. I'm supposed to ha[ve quit confiding in AI, but I desperately don't want to get back into YT again. "You need to stop watching YT (HealthyGamer.gg)" prompted me a bit I guess. I don't want this to be difficult, I need social connection. I don't want to be stuck, I want to be the one in control, don't tell me I'm terrible; because it's up to fucking me and only me to do fucking everything that's going to help me to acheive this single thing. I've quit before, but be honest: how useful are the YT videos actually? Don't you think it's somewhat disgusting that these tech companies are trying to exploit you to keep you online? - Yet it's the responsibility of me (the one who's fucked up) to fix this, no one else is coming to help. Well, at least I'd have to be the one to reach out, obviously.
