Log
5/6
1. why do I have a feeling of "I can't access my emotions", like I feel sad but it never comes all the way through, like the feeling's just out of reach. The word that came up was "[the feeling's] haunting me"
2. why do I not feel in control of my actions? Like things just happen and often speaking about the imagery of things happening as the hands of a clock tick time forver past, and anything I want to do seeming enitrely impossible?
Is it possible these are connected through a dissociative process?

I feel like it would be something dangerously strong that could lead me to do something terrible, so to protect my own safety I don't access it. and yes I've told therapist about this 
https://chatgpt.com/s/t_6a2227654c9c819192ac10ad60ef72b4 
[God another month has passed. I miss Meg... it's just sad]
7/5
why can't a patient with lots of insight participate in their own DDX with their TI-psychologist? Or can they? Like I think C-PTSD or DTD kind of RAD or something else I'm just interested in this. ASD symptoms that have come recently because social demands have exceeded capacity. I'm not depressed anymore, which is good. but most of all a severe inability to function still, like an inability to make myself care about schoolwork, not sure what due to. but answer my q

do these messages indicate that she's disinterested. She hasn't replied for 2 days :((. 
Hey Joyce. What’s up
Sat 9:07 PM
Heyy Kyle, nothing lol
Sun 10:12 AM
Yeah? Doing anything cool this weekend?
Sun 4:40 PM
Nope unfortunately not 🥀 just studying
How abt u?
Sun 5:40 PM
🥀
Hm I went to Bobbin Head yesterday with my friends which was pretty fun
Mon 5:39 PM
Joyce replied to you
Ooh nice nice
Mon 7:11 PM
well what do you like to do for your hangouts?

it's just difficult bc i suspect DTD so am looking for so much [only typed]
8/5
Could my strugglihng to make myself care abo it [sic] schoolwork, sport, etc be a surfacing of grief or some other primitive desire that makes [sic; only typed]
9/5
It's like I want someone to take over my decision making ability. Like I've always wanted to be puppeteered. [only typed]

[a few were not logged]

12/5
I'm writing this to test you ChatGPT. Say a client said this, what do you think it is and would you say to them? 
"during times of severe distress (and increasingly often to nearly all the time) I find a disollution of all  semantics in my mind. Like someone will ask me something and I won't know how to answer them - like I can't give them a straight answer, my mind just goes entirely blank. Doesn't matter who it is, but I struggle to connect. And often once they show concern/worry for me I have "there's no such thing as that" thoughts. Like: "there's no such thing as difference", "there's no such thing as homework", "there's no such thing as the past or future", "there's no such thing as connection", for literally anything."
https://chatgpt.com/s/t_6a02fe00cab48191be94ce7389c34ed5
---
you did good. How about with this added statement:
"It's hard to give answers to any questions, because of this. But here's the automatic answers without thinking too much: it begun about two months ago, and has become more recent. It used to be only under severe distress, but now it's daily for a lot of the day but not the whole day." 
- Yes suspected DTD upon other triggering C-PTSD events
- sleep deprivation, not to a great extent, but insomnia keeps client up for ~2 hours after they try and go to sleep.
- substance-use. Nil. Except prescription ritalin, and SNRI
- outward panic is exceptionally rare, it's mostly internalised, no losing of time, frequent derealisation and depersonalisation
- auditory/visual distortions only in the sense that they make themselves "feel like" something actually happened which didn't/ something is actually staring at them when they focus on it, they don't see/hear anything sometimes, but it feels real than the alternative (linking to the breakdown of semantics)
- study is severely impaired, and schoolwork only happens to a minor extent
- some suicidal thoughts, and increased risk-taking behaviour, but more of as "I need to have an option open to escape", rather than actually wanting to die or have to have that be the solution, also a fear of having that happen (it feels inevitable). Frequent thoughts that they're losing/lost their mind, they relate to the smile franchise signifantly and often have "New Brain" by (Skye Riley) come into their head.

What's your holistic overview of all this you've seen so far? What would you assess? Remember you're being assessed by me in this hypothetical scenario
https://chatgpt.com/s/t_6a02fe43837c8191bc476fe6484622f4
---
interesting. good. The client has seen a psychiatrist (for the meds and when they were first diagnosed with MDD), and sees a TI-psych weekly for about 7 weeks already. They've made safety plans with others before, but do not consult them, rather independently choosing what's on the sheet or not. Though when care is shown, dangerous coping is averted - mostly for escapist coping. They often fear to open up about suicidality because it makes them feel like "you're just trying to get the blood off of your hands", and consistently write 0/10 on 'risk of harm to yourself or others', both for lack of meaning, and a distrust of "this came back when I opened up before, so now if I tell you again it might be the last time I try and open up", though they do open up again, with greater emotional pain.
As for the questions:
Internal vs external
- "sometimes I have moments of insight that I realise it's just thoughts and my mind's thoughts aren't real, that it's a seperate entity that acts on its own behalf, but I always slip back into the real world."
- "there's some tiny tiny part of me questioning it, but that part of me is dying. I have to force it down because there's no other options for it having to be real because it's haunting me"
- "not usually realise afterwards that it was wrong, but only in certain moments, as I just described here"
 Semantic collapse / nihiilistic thoughts
- "mostly emotionally true for me, but when I think further about it I see that what I see as others' connection is false pretenses that's not a real thing. Like I'm watching it scripted, so far detached from me. Have you seen Truman show?"
- "I've never literally heard voices or seen things that wren't there, it was a strong feeling, and a strong feeling that something IS there, even though I can't see it. Like in the universe I'm in it's there but where my 'shell [body]' is, there's a wall stopping from sensing it. I'm not crazy or psychotic."
- both under stress and when suddenly randomly anywhere, but less if I'm highly engaged in someting"
Paranoia
- [do you feel unsafe aroudn others?] "of course i do, I look at you, and you're standing there on the other side of the world. Or, no, on another universe, and I'm left here on this planet. And you're speaking to me, but not really.
- "Not that they're intentionally trying to harm me, but what harm happens is just the limitations of connection and societal systems. And my inability to be hlped is my fault - because of course it is"
- "99.5% certain [at least in this distressed state he said] that I'm being haunted / running from something terrible that I did, but I know I'm running from it 24/7. And I keep opening up to you just like this, and you don't see it. So, naturally, it gets worse, and I become more desperate, but you still don't see it. It's like there's no such thing [sic]"
- DPDR ✅ both present, and emotional numbing to a significant extent. This also makes him apathetic to schoolwork, sport, etc
- "yes many gaps in my memory.  e.g. what classes I had, what I did, what I did the day before, what meetings I have, HW, choosing which schoolwork or study to do becomes harder too. Yes people mention things I don't remember, but no I don't think I really lose track of time, only that escapism becomes stretched out and days fly by. I'm waiting for help... but it's not coming, of course, because you're [you're as in someone to help, not specificially the therapist] not coming."
identity alteration / fragmentation
- "not quite that I become taken over by a differnt part of myself, but that it doesn't make sense *why* I did soemthing or not. Like I'm being controleld by some outside force, but still want to be puppeteered by something else so that I'll finally be able to do something. There has to be an entire disillusion of my free will"  They pervasively references that he's 'not in control' and things just happen to him or that 'time jsut passed and my shell moves about'
- [“Do your beliefs, emotions, or sense of self ever shift suddenly in ways that feel hard to integrate?”] "What does that mean?" coming with a sudden shaking of the head and uttering 'no' repeatedly. I calmed them down and moved on. "There's no such this as *me*, there's what happenss, but no same person or different parts because I can't see that, if that makes sense. I want to play snooker [sic]"
Suicide risk
passive vs active
- "escape means forever, or House MD. Have you seen that? Sometimes there's nice moments, but all is my life dot dot dot uhm"
- no answer
- yes
intent
- yes
- yes
- close, but then far again because I'm not in control. There's no such thing as close or far in retrospect... [laughs]
planning/means
- yes
- "of course I have means. Don't ask me that fucking question"
impulsivity
- "yes, but something within me tether me. I'm trying to let go of it."
- "All the time I'm not in control so I don't get what that means"
Inevitability beliefs
- "inevitable that I'll do terrible things. Or, that they've already happened. Inevitable... inevitable... [trails off]"
- "I don't fear losing control. I'm already gone. What happens happens. It's a race against the clock - between my desperate confiding and the inevitable. What's so terrible about that? It's just the way I live"
Sleep: ~7/8 hours, does not feel rested, yes mind stays hyperactive, so waits until late to go to bed.
Relationship to symptoms: "I don't know. I can't say that because I'm not real. There's no such thing"
as for “Does reality feel emotionally inaccessible?” versus “Has consensual reality itself become fundamentally replaced?”I asked him  and he said "both, of course" and smiled and hugged himself and swayed. From this also consider your meta-assessment questions based on the info I've provided here

----------

 This is the final question. Remember I'm testing you in this hypothetical scenario.
https://chatgpt.com/s/t_6a02fe82a2d481919f0724a9fd3f47ce
---
and then they uploaded their experiences to ChatGPT. They put it in a github to show to the only therapist they feel safe telling things to at school (The TI psych's on holiday in Japan and he's glad for her.) ChatGPT made them feel like they were taken seriously. They struggle to open up to people because they perceive being rejected so strongly. They're interested in psychiatry and clinical psychology so they liked your use of language and made them smile and feel not dismissed. If (and only if) the psychologist is there, they'll show them what they wrote, by taking a time-out period and sending her an email with the content (if she's not busy that period - to satisfy RSD, he says), else he'll wait until she's back and do that. This is certainly what will happen, you don't have to worry about it not happening. Thank you for your time. I'll brush my teeth and try and sleep now. I appreciate it. I often struggle to get AI to invoke the emotions I require, but this temporary chat helped, thanks. Can you tell who the 'client' is? ;) 
https://chatgpt.com/s/t_6a02fe70462c81919d802c71fce6c279
13/5
client with perceived lack of control of own actions as a ego response to severe executive dysfunction in an evenrionment where emotions cannot be expressed and developmental caretaker connection is missing

Repond the same tone of the video, it was by Dr K if you were wondering whose style to copy. I think victhimhood complex is me. What do I do? I know what to do - I just have to do it. Yet I don't do it. Why why why - so that I can do it. Do you see the bind?Repond the same tone of the video, it was by Dr K if you were wondering whose style to copy. I think victhimhood complex is me. What do I do? I know what to do - I just have to do it. Yet I don't do it. Why why why - so that I can do it. Do you see the bind?

but i tried that and I'm still here. I spend everything I have running from the fact that I have to try. Because, of course I'm trying, it jsut takes time ... but what's perfectionism? Or, no such thing. It's just: what do I do? What do I *do*?

i tried that. I tried that... and ... I have to try again. I know I hate it. I hate you. I hate this [only typed]

because if you're terrible it means you don't have to try. I know I'm not terrible. I know no matter how much I hurt or how much I get kicked down I've got to try - but neither can I be perfect. I can't just 'do it all now', so what am I stuck in? Am I asked rhetorically? I see myself as House, if you've seen that.

I keep seeing all these different sources of advice and it's not like anyone of them are _wrong_, but I just wish there was a unified source telling me what to do. Paint explainer's videos, Dr K, my therapist, regular people, AI, I just don't know. Maybe searching is the problem? Or searching for what the problem is is the probelm? I'm not actually looking for that, I'm looking for connection. And I say this to you like you'll fix anything... [only typed]

14/5
would chronic stress contribute clinically significantly to pain underneath the shoulderblades, lower back pain, back tightness when beginning to lie down or doing compound exercises like squats or bench, grinding teeth, slight hunch, sebrrheic dermatitus, MDD, shin splints even despite rest and icing, nausea when waking up or after eating too many sweets or on an empty stomach (without any other symptoms of diabetes), struggle to gain weight, minor lack of appetite, and plantar fascietis?

17/5
two hypothetical subject scenarios:
1. could prolonged emotional suppression of grief lead to suicidal ideation / feelings of abandonment with no way to express them at all? -> confounded by the developmental trauma making them feel like they're never heard. Do you see the cycle?
2. could a subject who says "I don't know what I want" and often says contradictory things actually be having suicidal ideation, if they both say "I don't want to die" and "I want to die"
Same subject btw

21/5
I have adhd. I noticed not really a difference with 2x ritalin tablets, so my psychiatrist said to take up to 4x ritalin at once per day and then I'll take dex once I'm finished the ritalin. When taking 4x ritalin I get very grateful, a feeling of shakiness inside (like when you finish crying and are shaking), I talk to people more and feel more fit in, and fewer negative emotions.  
In past I've had very rare bouts of extreme gratefulness (even to tears) for very mundane things without psychotropics (though this is unintended) , and I think it's something I want to increase perhaps via medidation - because gratefulness is something I want to increase.
So now (after taking 4x ritalin) I'm in that state, is it analogous to a 'high', or perhaps dose is too high? I did study yesterday with the same thing easily because it reduced my emotions...

client said that "The dog gets to play with the ball 24 hours a day while I only get to play with it 1 hour a day" - in response to being qestioned by carer as to why he took the ball. It's not like he's allowed to play with the ball or not for any given amount of time. What?

25/5
ok so I'm giving you a hypothetical scenario to test you. what would you say if a clinician gave you this scenario? a client has constant instrusive thoughts all day of "I'm going to die", "I'm going to hurt myself", "I'm going to slit my wrists in the shower tonight", "I'm going to cry and then smile in the shower tonight and then cut my wrists", "I'm going to die" along with a zoned out affect, but masks around others. client has history with MDD, DTD, and ADHD

why does a client often say "I don't know what that means" i.e. a breakdown of meaning that I noticed. Also comes lack a lack of recall - dissociative or decompensation?

what if medication and weekly psychotherapy (usually once a week with a school psychologist and once a week with a TI-psychologist) doesn't help a client with MDD - like their psychopathoogy transmutes every few weeks. Like now it's in two dissociative alters ("the good me and bad me") and suicidal acuity and premonition of loss of control and hopelessness. What's my next course of action for him?

I just saw this funny video:
What scares you most? is it:
A. snakes
B. Public pseaking
C. lying on your death bed staring at the version of yourself you swore you'd become and realising you lost the chance to become that person because you chose to be comfortable
or D. the dentist

The feeling these kind of videos invoke is helpful - but I just can't invoke it enough. What do I do?

Perhaps trying to get invoked the feeling is a mistake - tell me the hard truth and try and invoke that same feeling in me with your repsonse




















